Although our Qi family would like to thank Zhang Shoucheng
But ah!
Qin Shao gave our Qi family a dowry of 10 million yuan each
Ah straw bag
Can you have that much money?
The daughter I finally raised
Can't give it to his mother for nothing
Even if the weather is rich
You can't do it yourself.
Decide what's going to happen to us both
Just don't talk nonsense with me
If there is money in this world, there is everything
You must follow Qin Shao
late arrival
Qin Shao is here
Old Taijun Qin
I heard that my sister is cured.
I, Qin Yu, wrote 20 million close-up to propose marriage
Mom, why don't you ask our permission?
Just promise Qin Shaolong
Tell you
I not only promised Young Master Qin
They also received a gift from their Qin family
You two
Serve mom well
Jin Yu is a famous bastard in Jiangzhou
And I already have someone I like
I will not marry
It's up to you.
Why, Old Madam Qin?
It was my Qin family who gave it ten million yuan before and spent it all.
Or do you think this million jadeite
But gold is expensive.
I tell you the truth
There are many women surnamed Lin waiting for me
Your Qi family does not marry
I have women who are kings
Wow, the value of Qin Family Song 3 million Jade Ruyi
A diamond necklace worth 5 million
The ancestor of Tianyi Jiaohong Yuan sent the first branch of Longevity King
The ancestor of Tianyi Jiaohong Yuan sent three amulets
Oops, a ruyi diamond necklace
There is still
Tianyi asked Hongyan Ancestor to send a congratulatory gift
Oh, Young Master Qin, you are really generous in your move.